the FED has provided the stock market
with its much needed assistance it's
been living off of the nourishment of
the ever expanding balance sheet if this
changes we will have a major collapse of
the stock market just look at these
upcoming indicators and witness the
future there's no other way around it
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you today we're going to
look at this issue I want to connect it
in with a few others let's begin with
this the US Treasury yield now this here
is often seen as one of the leading
indicators for a
recession the US Treasury yield curve
slumps for the sixth straight week
that's the longest since March 2016 and
his lowest weekly close since none other
than 2007 we are definitely into the
financial crisis part two and you'll see
that right here being the same level
back 10 years ago
essentially this shouldn't surprise
anybody but here we are now what I would
say is that one indicator is not enough
to Signal a slump that's not the way it
works a lot of people accuse me of
cherry-picking particular indicators to
show that there is a
collapse I have covered both on this
channel and in my books literally
hundreds of different indicators that
support my
thesis but the stock market itself is
rising why is that well we've covered
that before and I'll get into that here
in the
next chart let me show you
here the G3 central bank balance
sheet it has been directly correlated
not just with the NASDAQ back but with
stocks in general particularly though
with these so-called Fang stocks and
even more in particular with Amazon and
you'll see the direction is pretty
obvious it's been moving up there's been
some slight variances along the way but
here it is now should that change should
the FED decide to pull back we are going
to have a major collapse and it will be
in direct proportion to to the amount
they pull back on because if it's
directly linked now on the way down it's
going to be the same situation so you
can expect that the stock market will
head downward now if the FED pulls back
but the bank of Japan and Chinese
Central Bank Japanese and and so on
increase their money printing well then
it could push the stock market back up
so we could see that but it looks like
central banks are claiming anyway that
they're going to pull back on the
balance sheet a lot of people would say
but they know that would crash the
economy therefore they're not going to
do that and so we will have Perpetual
growth even if is in inflated dollars it
doesn't matter well I get that you
definitely don't want to keep too much
cash in an environment like this because
we have this inflation that's taking
place and it is causing the inflation to
take place within equities that is very
clear then you have to address the
situation why would they pull back I
believe if they're going to do this that
they are doing so intentionally to crash
the market so that they can come in and
pick up assets whether it's equities or
anything else that takes a hit for
pennies on the dollar look at what they
did at the fire sale in Greece for
example buying up everything for nothing
and I've covered that here countless
times and that could be the result of
this I don't know I don't know what's
going to happen but there is a direct
correlation it is very clear it is
something you cannot argue with the
central bank balance sheets and the
stock market are directly
linked and there it is the G3 central
bank balance sheet and what there
they're noting I think it's too early to
note this but they're noting this
Decline and they're suggesting that this
is a very significant decline going back
quite a while
here for me it's a little too early to
say that but it's something to note I
mean we had this previously where you
could see like in this area here for
example a severe decline I don't know I
don't know what's going to happen but if
their words that they've continue to lie
to us about
if they go ahead and actually do it and
they pull back on the balance sheet to a
degree that's actually significant then
they will crash the stock market us
Services PMI look at the different
indicators look at the Hard data I mean
it just fell off a cliff I think there
was a little bit of hype to begin with
coming inward where you saw Trump coming
in and um there was some talk about
expanding jobs and everything else and I
and I don't necessarily believe that's
not true I just think that the general
way is going automation robots
offshoring jobs I still think that
that's the general way that things will
happen but where it goes how long it
takes and and things that change along
the way we'll have to see but
ultimately the trend is still going to
continue this year I thought was pretty
interesting um one of the worst things
in fact
about financial so-called assets is the
bond because you buy a bond from a
government or from a corporation I think
of course government bonds are much
worse than corporate
bonds is that you trust you put your
trust into that country or Corporation
so you ultimately let's say you buy a
10-year bond you hope that that will
eventually 10 years down the road will
pay you back that's the whole premise
however we're talking about Century
bonds if you can believe it or not a
cent I mean I laugh I can't even I'm
holding back my laughter right now to
try and do this
properly look at this China 2096
maturity what are some other ones like
217 you can
buy an Argentina Government
Bond that will mature in
217 who in the right mind what kind of
person would buy this and not only
that but they've done so well at selling
these that's what's so crazy it's not as
if you know
somebody selling some garbage nobody
wants
somehow those in the financial
industry ate these up that's I mean to
me that's crazy because you know they're
worthless along the way Argentina will
go bankrupt several times if history is
any guide so are you going to go ahead
and bail them out are you going to get
paid out at the end of 21 17 or you're
going to lose most of it along the way I
mean it's crazy nobody's going to hold
this to maturity but why even have it I
mean doesn't make any
sense it's so silly the way that they do
finance and it is something that I've
really tried to stress along the way
these are useless assets that are only
there to show face for a system that is
dead rotting and decaying this is a
chart you've seen before but I love it I
wanted to show you it here purchasing
power of the US doll indexed and you
could see over time it has been
crushed when you think about something
how much it
costs think of it in real terms what did
this cost for your parents what did it
cost for your
grandparents and it seems to me that as
I Ed the example in my book book a loaf
of bread 100 years ago is still a loaf
of bread probably today has a lot more
chemicals in it but you get the picture
it's a loaf of
bread there's there's not much to it
there's not technology in it or anything
else or not supposed to be yet that loaf
of bread might have cost a nickel 100
years ago now today it's
$3 well what happened along the way well
the dollar has been devalued you may not
see it but they do so through these
means that are secretive to the average
person they don't get it but because of
Central Banking we have an escalation in
this destruction of the currency that's
why it's like this that's why we can't
rely on a currency to begin with we
don't know what's going to happen that's
why we have to hold real assets that is
the solution
it's not foolproof in any way but trying
to have our faith in a central bank
which is designed specifically to
destroy us no thanks UK CPI year
over-year
ever since the brexit and technically
even before that we can see the trend
increasing year overy
year and a lot of people have denied
this a lot of people that have stated
that they haven't seen this in the UK
and then there are others which say yes
absolutely we have seen
this I'd like to know your Insight on
this for those who are there I have seen
you know things like crop shortages and
everything else cause a big
problem but we have also
seen
the other issues political issues and
everything else that have caused the big
problem so I'd like to know those on the
ground what you are experiencing that's
all for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you'll find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative so the first book is
basically about the four asset classes
and how to profit from that I talk about
precious metals I talk about basically
everything and then the new book covers
on those familiar topics but then I get
into what I call the money GPS strategy
so I basically help people to
reduce their expenses their monthly
expenses and get a hold on earning some
income today that's also be into uh
becoming self-sufficient and getting
away from the monetary system
altogether so if you found this video
informative then I definitely would ask
that you check out these books you can
flip through them go over to Amazon they
have a look inside feature it's going to
allow you to do that I just repeat rep
to myself but that's the way it
is if you want to take a look I'm I'm
doing something a little different here
I found a way to take the actual
transcription of my videos which by the
way in YouTube there's a feature for
those who are hearing impaired or maybe
you like to read the text regardless
there's a way to hit the CC button and
that will actually bring up my words
it's pretty accurate not exactly
accurate but what I'm going to do is I'm
going to download that
transcription and then I'm going to put
that unfortunately I can't put it on
YouTube they won't let me my videos will
be banned because of the words I say but
I'll put it on steemit because they're
not going to bang me there so if you
want the transcription for any reason
like I said hearing impaired or anything
else you can always download it there so
I don't know how long it takes for the
transcription to appear if it's
instantly or whatever I'm going to try
this and and I think that it would be
good for um attracting people into the
videos more because uh when you do
searches online and everything you'll be
able to find it but also for individuals
who you know have some issues so I hope
you appreciate that very much and if
you're also interested in that uh let me
know I'd like to hear that take care